---
id: 1078
layout: post
title: >
    Rockin the suburb.. just like William Shatner did
---

Where do I even begin to explain yesterday and last night?! I'll start with dinner, which was excellent. Susan and I went to the '<i>Tokoyo Cafe</i>' in the circle of Orange. Although I've had jap food before I had never had sushi so I really wasn't prepared. I thought the sushi rolls would be like the small ones you see at Vons or Ralphs. No no no, they were these huge strings of avacado and rice. My favorite is the <b>Dragon Roll</b> which we had first but we also ordered the Alaskan Roll and the Philly Roll (Cream cheese and salmon). Needless to say, we didn't finish all of the food. After we had packed away as much as we could we still had about 12 rolls left and then realized it was almost 7p!

We got a to-go box and raced to Susan's house to drop off the sushi. She made some cracks at how her mom hates fish and would say it'd stink up the fridge. We only had around an hour to get to west hollywood and I was kinda worried, I'll admit. The freeways weren't bad but they could of been better. We finally arrived at Wilshire and eventually made it to the 'El Ray Theater' and saw the huge line formed all the way around the building. We took a quick stop into a Savon and then anxiously jumped into the line.

I honestly thought that the concert started at 8p but it was nearly 9p when it was our turn to get in. The people checking tickets also checked IDs and gave me a <font color='red'>21</font> band. So it was a few hours early, no biggie. We made it in and found some good seats on the side wall. Then a few things struct me. (1) I was turning 21 in less than 6 hours (2) I was at the <b>Ben Folds</b> concert in hollywood (3) We were less than 20 feet from the stage. This was going to be one of those nights that I would never forget. It was a while before the show started, maybe 45 minutes or so. And being in my new state of 21-ness I bought myself and suse a drink.

Side Note : Now before the lectures on drinking and such start to pour in let me clarify some things. I am not a drinker. At all. I don't really feel the need to drink or make myself look like a fool more than I already do so.

Anyway, the concert eventually started and the crowd was ready. Ben is an entertainer at heart and puts on an awesome show. He played some of his older songs and a few of the newer ones. Also played a very funny, and cute, song called '<i>gracie</i>' that he wrote for his daughter. The entire show was awe inspiring. He plays the piano so well, its mesmerizing. Easily, my jaw was dropped and I was astonished. When he played 'rockin the suburbs' he mention William Shatner and it was pretty funny. Another cool highlight was the song 'Not the same' in which the audience, at his instruction, did the main chorus. Now that I think about it there was <b>a lot</b> of audio involvement. I'm  still beside myself at how great that concert was.

Eventually Ben and his group left the stage but the house lights didn't go off. For about 10 minutes everyone just sat waiting in the dark wondering what was going on. Eventually Ben and his group came back on stage and then all of a sudden <b>William Shatner</b> joined him! Oh my God!! As if the night couldn't of gotten any better they did another 6 or so songs with William Shater, Joe Jackson and Amy Mann! Susan and I were kicking ourselves for not bringing a camera or anything. Ben is producing William's new album and William either opens or closes all of his shows. How amazing is that?! It didn't mention anywhere that he would be performing so it was just kind of a surprise to everyone.

When it was all said and done we sat down for a bit while the place started to clear and then made it to the garage we parked in. What a night! Since we were in the area we drove down wilshire to the building I work at and then down Santa Monica Blvd so suse could show me where some other places were. We were both kinda tired but I was still energized from that awesome experience. The freeways were almost empty and it didn't take long to get back to Orange and I brought susan home to end an overwhelming night.
