---
id: 1079
layout: post
title: >
    And now for something different
---

Ooo, its been a few weeks. For the record I pretty much stick to my <a href="http://www.socklabs.com">website</a> for most of my active blogging. Well, 99% of all my active blogging. Which also, by the way, got a face lift thanks to a friend of mine. Tell me what you think about its new skin.

October came and went. I turned 21 and went trick-or-treating. Which was very fun too. I dressed as 'The Scarlet Pimpernel' and Susan went as Hermione, who we all know and love. A group of us went out to play <i>Bigger or Better</i> where you start with a small object, like a penny, and go up to the houses asking "<i>Do you have anything bigger or better than this X?</i>". There was also a scavenger hunt game going on the side of all of this. By the end of the night we had a 32 inch satellite dish. For those who have never carried a satellite dish such as that, take my word and believe that its really not as fun or cool as you would think it is to receive an item such as that on Halloween. Anywho, the night ended and we all had a lot of fun.

Then November 2nd came around. I lost a lot of respect for John Kerry when he conceded. He and his running mate gave us a vow that they would wait until every vote counted and every possible way was approached. And then he continues to perform that stunt?! What blatant disregard for his supports and those who really wanted him as president. It really makes me feel that he didn't care about what he said, he just wanted to win and be president. Maybe one day I'll be proven wrong, but until then he won't get my vote. I wish Dean had gotten through the primaries. I liked Howard Dean.

I was also approached to move to another company, dubbed <b>Alchemy Communications</b>. They are a content provider in the San Fernando Valley, also known as the porn capitol of the world. I also did a lot of house hunting to find a place closer to work. I really want to live in Santa Monica or maybe Hollywood. We'll see how it goes though, I might just stay where I am and try to save money. In the end I decided to stay where I was, although 3 other people are leaving, and got a nice incentive to do so. I also hired on another programmer, David, and he's turning out nicely. We are probably also going to go for 1 or 2 more, but I don't know what plans are set in stone quite yet.

Last, but definitely not least, Brent came down for the weekend and stayed with me. Friday night we had a few drinks and just caught up on old times. I felt like nothing had changed and we were inseparable again. Saturday was eventful and we were out for the better part of the day. I brought him to the Sunset strip in Hollywood and we drove through downtown Los Angeles. Then later that evening we went to this club called '<b>The Dungeon</b>' and were there until well past 2am. We also met up with some girls, but its not that important because I can't remember there names and nothing left the parking lot. Sunday we did laundry I helped him set his laptop to jump on the internet wirelessly. I have a t-mobile account and let him use it so while he's on tour if he stops at starbucks or something he can jump online. I dropped him off that night around 945p and we said goodbyes. He'll be in Los Angeles/Orange again but I don't know if we'll be able to meet up. It was a lot of fun to have him around.

And here we are today. Tonight I'm headed out with Jessica for a cup of coffee or a movie. Don't have plans laid out quite yet but we'll see. I picked up Julie from the airport last night and crashed at her place. Staying there gave me an extra hour of sleep, it was worth it. I don't have any set plans for the week either. We'll see how everything turns out.
