---
id: 159
layout: post
title: >
    Day Two
---

Day two started late but thats ok. I had a hell of a time convincing myself to get out of bed but somehow made it. I was still a bit of of whack due to the time change but I managed. Breakfast was served at 9:00 am downstairs and I had this pleasent conversation with this older couple from California who was in town to visit family.

Emily and I had made tentative plans to go to the beach but with Dennis it wasn't looking to bright. We instead just decided to hang out and catch up. We must of killed the entire mid day and afternoon, which was fine by me, until later that evening when we decided to catch a movie. It was pretty late but we caught a showing of `Bewitched`. We got tickets but had a good hour or so to kill. We made it over to walgreens and back to the room to get a jacket. While at walgreens we met this real sweet lady and had a pretty interesting conversation all about nothing. Eventually we made it back to the theater and got dip-n-dots and snacks. This is where the day started to turn for the worse. The movie itself was pretty sappy. I won't even bother to explain, go read a yahoo movie review or something.

When the movie let out I got up to realize that I didn't have my keys. Crap. Emily was pretty angry by the time we realized that they had been locked in the car. She had to be somewhere very early in the morning and I, of course, was her ride. It wasn't long before AAA arrived and set us in motion.

After that we decided that it was a good idea to get food at waffle house. While we were there I convinced the waitress to look the other way and I made it home with one of their mugs. Its sitting on my desk right now. After the midnight dinner we headed back to the room only to find that they had locked the doors at midnight and we were locked out. God have mercy. By then Emily and I were both tired and already quite frustrated with the car situation. It wasn't until near 2:00 am that I managed to wake the night attendant up to let us in and to bed I went.

The day was great though. With the minor exception of late that evening, it was wonderful to catch up and hang out with one of my closest friends. I got to talk to Aaron and Brent very briefly as well which made it a bit brighter. I also had the luck of taking a brief nap while it raining right outside my room. I slept like a baby, for a very short period of time, and enjoyed every moment of it. By then it was common knowledge that hurricane Dennis wasn't going to hit New Orleans and everyone had kinda calmed down about it. The only thing that we were concerned about was the traffic which turned out to be OK.
