---
id: 893
layout: post
title: >
    Cable
---

Saturday I slept until nearly 1:00 pm. I woke up a few times in the morning and from 9:00 am I was only half asleep, but in all reality I didn't get out of bed until early afternoon.

Today was the day that Comcast was supposed to install our cable server. I was expecting them between 1:00 and 4:00 pm but when I got up I walked out side to find a note under the welcome mat saying that the installation guy came at 9:15 am and that we would have to reschedule for next week.

No no no, not again. I had already made arrangements for the cable service to be installed thrice and I was ready for it to be over with. After calling Comcast and haggling with customer support they made arrangements for the installation guy to head back as soon as he could. I wasn't mean or abusive on the phone, its a <em>very</em> rare occasion, but I was practical and wouldn't cave in.

He eventually came and was very nice. While he installed the line we talked about his wife and cat and soon enough it was all over with.

I should of prefixed this post with the following disclaimer: I Don't Like TV. I have maybe 4 or 5 shows in total that I'll put up with or even admit that I might possibly like. I think the crap to not crap ratio is way beyond realistic and most everything on TV nowadays is mind numbing. I really do blame TV for the dumbification of our society.

With that said, the ONLY reason that we have cable, much less basic services, is because Carolyn asked for it. When she said she wanted real TV service I didn't argue, complain or object. It does have its uses, like the weather channel and .... *shrugs*. 

Now we have cable and I've already been subjected to enough crap to want to puke. Is there such a thing as TV detox? I'm doing a good job of blocking it out and while I refuse to really pay attention to any of it, I have agreed to at least being in the room. If not on my laptop, then with something I find much more entertaining and legitimate: A book.
