---
id: 1271
layout: post
title: >
    Christmas 2006
---

Things are starting to settle down, just in time for the last few days before the new year. Both Carolyn and Vanessa are doing much better. Vanessa still has a bit of a cough but it is backing off. More about her on <a href="http://blog.socklabs.com/dadhood">Dadhood</a>.

The sun is out today, it is really nice. Yesterday was pretty nice too. We really didn't active until it was getting dark outside but I think it worked out for the best, Carolyn really needed to take the day easy. I think Vanessa was also starting to get cranky and wanted to see other things as well. More input for the baby.

The past few nights we've been staying up way too late watching season 6 of ER. I think we are on the 3rd disc, episode 10 so far. ER is one of the few shows that we both really love to watch together. What is funny is that I can't remember the last time we both turned on the TV in the living room and watched TV together. I think we can blame WoW for that.

And WoW is something we have been doing a lot of lately. I've got my primary character (Korale on US Medivh) up to level 34. Carolyn has her primary (Jeanelly on US Medivh) up to 34 too but she's about 10k behind. I've been playing a strait holy priest up to this point but I'm really thinking about splitting off between Holy and Discipline talents or even going completely over to the Shadow talent tree. Carolyn wants me to stick with Holy and it seems best for groups and whatnot. I kind of agree. I really can't wait for <a href="http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/burningcrusade/">The Burning Crusade</a> to come out. I think I'm going to push Korale to 40 and then put him on hold and start a Draenei Paladin. Although a Draenei Shaman sounds really cool as well. 

Last night at the mall we even broke down and got two starter packs of the World of Warcraft TCG. I know, we are lame. It doesn't look like anything we will want to get involved in anyway but it is a neat idea. I also found out that the same place also buys magic cards so I might bring some of mine in some time soon. Its not that I want to get rid of them, or that we need the money, but they take up sooo much space.

I'm going to continue the rest in a different post.
